docs: add troubleshoot and finding schema name (#215)
microsoft/Agents-for-net: src/samples/CopilotStudioClient/CopilotStudioClient/README.md

> [!TIP]
> If you see the following error message:
> ```sh
> fail: Microsoft.Agents.CopilotStudio.Client.CopilotClient[0]
>      Error: {"code":"Forbidden","message":"The caller is not authorized to perform the request.","innererror":{"code":"InsufficientDelegatedPermissions","message":"Authorization denied: Application missing required delegated permissions: [CopilotStudio.Copilots.Invoke, All.All.ReadWrite]"}}
> ```
> You may also need to add the `Directory.ReadWrite.All` permission, found under `Microsoft APIs` -> `Microsoft Graph` -> `Delegated permissions` -> `Directory` -> `Directory.ReadWrite.All`. You will also need an admin to grant consent.

### Instructions - Configure the Example Application - Service Principal Login

With the above information, you can now run the client `CopilostStudioClientSample`.

1. Open the appSettings.json file for the CopilotStudioClientSample, or rename launchSettings.TEMPLATE.json to launchSettings.json.

> 2. Configured the placeholder values for the various key's based on what was recorded during the setup phase.

Reviewer: Unless you explicitly need this to be item 2 in the list, I'd suggest using the md syntax of a 1 in front of every item and letting the renderer do the numbering.

> 2. Configured the placeholder values for the various key's based on what was recorded during the setup phase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Configure the placeholder values for the various keys based on what was recorded during the setup phase.
```
